Template: rpiap/wlan_ssid
Type: string
Default: rpiap
Description: Enter SSID:
 Enter the name (SSID) of your wireless network (WLAN).

Template: rpiap/wlan_password
Type: password
Description: Enter password:
 Set a WPA password for your WLAN.
 The password must be at least 8 characters long.
 If you are reconfiguring the package, leaving this field blank will keep the
 current password unchanged.

Template: rpiap/wlan_channel
Type: string
Default: 6
Description: Enter WLAN channel:
 Choose a WLAN channel if you want to use a specific one.
 For 2.4 GHz, recommended channels are 1, 6, or 11.
 For 5 GHz, you can use 36, 40, 44, or 48.
 If you are not sure, just keep the default (6).

Template: rpiap/wlan_country
Type: string
Default: CZ
Description: Enter WLAN country code:
 Country code (ISO/IEC 3166-1) used to set the regulatory domain.
 This may limit available channels and transmit power.
 Default: CZ

Template: rpiap/dns_standalone
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Use standalone DNS server?
 If you need to use local DNS resolvers, for example to resolve internal DNS
 zones, leave the default setting as  'No'. To use the internal standalone DNS
 server and benefit from support for encrypted DNS (DNSCurve), select 'Yes'.

Template: rpiap/mode
Type: select
Default: ap
Choices: ap, client, bridge, custom
Description: Select operating mode:
 Choose the operating mode for your setup.
 .
 ap - Access Point mode (default):
     In this mode, the WiFi interface operates as an access point,
     creating a wireless LAN network for client devices to connect to.
     The Ethernet interface or USB devices (such as a mobile phone via
     tethering) can be used as the WAN connection to the Internet.
     This is the standard configuration for a home router.
 .
 client - Wireless Client mode:
     In this mode, the Ethernet interface is used to provide LAN connectivity
     for connected wired devices. The WiFi interface connects to another access
     point as a client, providing WAN Internet access through the wireless
     connection. This mode is useful when you want to extend Internet access to
     wired devices through an existing WiFi network.
 .
 bridge - Bridge mode:
     This mode bridges the Ethernet and wireless interfaces together,
     integrating the wireless access point directly into your existing LAN
     infrastructure. All devices, whether connected via Ethernet or WiFi,
     will be on the same network segment, sharing the same IP address range
     and network resources.
     For advanced users only.
 .
 custom - Custom mode:
     Allows you to select your own combination of LAN interfaces.
     For advanced users only.

Template: rpiap/laninterfaces
Type: multiselect
Choices: wlan0, eth0, eth1, eth2, usb0
Default: wlan0
Description: Select LAN interfaces:
 This is an advanced option intended for expert users.
 .
 The interfaces you select here will be included in your LAN bridge, providing
 network access to client devices.
 .
 All other available interfaces (those not selected here) will automatically
 be used as WAN connections if connected. This includes additional USB network
 adapters, tethered mobile phones, and similar devices.
 .
 Available interfaces:
  - wlan0: Raspberry Pi wireless interface
  - eth0: Raspberry Pi Ethernet interface
  - eth1, eth2, usb0: additional USB network interfaces
 .
 For advanced users only !!!.

Template: rpiap/services
Type: multiselect
Choices: dqcache, httpd, pqconnect, radvd, udhcpd
Default: dqcache, pqconnect, udhcpd
Description: Select active services:
 This is an advanced option intended for expert users.
 .
 This option allows you to control which services should be started.
 .
 When operating in bridge mode, it is recommended to disable 'udhcpd' and
 'radvd' to prevent interference with the existing DHCP and router
 advertisement services of the LAN.
 .
 Services:
  - dqcache: DNS cache server
  - httpd: Web interface server
  - pqconnect: PQconnect connection manager
  - radvd: IPv6 router advertisement daemon
  - udhcpd: DHCP server
 .
 For advanced users only !!!.

Template: rpiap/restart
Type: text
Description: Restart services.
 To apply the changes, the services must be restarted. Please restart them
 manually using: "svc -t /etc/service/rpiap_*". Note that if you are connected
 via SSH, the restart may terminate the connection.
 Alternatively, performing a system reboot will restart all services and apply
 the changes as well.

